elder brother
Leave a mess
The person I rely on you the most is you
For the sake of the past
I forgive him once
But this is the first time
And the last time
You haven't called me brother in a long time
It's been a long time.
But do you really not understand why?
Hello Yadan
Eat away from the path in the future, do you hear me?
This one can't even open his mouth, dead dumb
I still want to eat swan meat
It's delusional
Can't enter the chef, let's untie it and see
Does the person you want know if he has a dream?
How dare you touch my people behind my back
You are amazing
You are mine
They won't show up again
Who will bully you in the future
Remember to tell me about his people.
Hey, you promised me you'd never see that mute again
He got sick in the rain
I'm sick too
I'll get you a doctor.
Go, Miss Xia needs you more